## Starting Note:
If you have learnt content of `2.gettingStarted.md`, then studying this file is relevent.

## Writting HelloWorld or basic content

After running the `npm run dev` you can edit the `page.tsx` to start your project. 

 * Editing Page.tsx file. 

 Hover at the <main> and delete all the content of <main></main>. 
 Create <div>Write your content here</div>. 

## Create Account on Vercel. 

Go to ` https://vercel.com/ ` and create your vercel account

###########################`Optional guide for Account creation `######################################
#######################################################################################################
Vercel provide you free hosting service of upto 100GB storage. you can launch your Next.js projects upto 100GB without any charges.

Without Vercel, if you wnated to deploy your projects then you need to buy and configure servers first. but here in Vercel, for learning point of view it provides a free of cost server facility. Your domains runs on vercel on vercel server free of cost.  

Create Signup accout
Or
Click on `Continue with Github` 
Follow the guidlines and allow vercel for Github configurations. 
Enter your information for verifications. 
Verify your information by clicking on the the email links etc. 

If in any case you are encountering any error or your Vercel profile is not creating then you are advised to send an Email to the vercel authorities.

Email links are: `registration@vercel.com` & ` support@vercel.com ` 

######################################`Optional guide Ended `##########################################
#######################################################################################################

## Deployment of your Project. 

 i) Write following command in your terminal.

 `npm i -g vercel` 
 
ii) Checking the vercel's version
 ` vercel -v`


iii) After Installation login to your Vercel account from the terminal by writting . 

` vercel login `

## Deployment to Vercel Cloud

iv) Now go to the Next.js project directory and give the following command to deploy to cloud:

` vercel `

And Finally, answer the Prompt Questions to Deploy your project. 

## Ending Note:

Now you can read next file. 